Okay, ready? Let's try one more time.
Ready? You can do it.
There you go. One, two, three.
- Ooh!
Charlie: - [laughs]
Yeah, why walk when standing
there smiling is so much fun?
Alex, we got to go.
No, no, no, he's almost there.
We can't leave yet.
- We don't have a choice.
- One more time. One more time.
- No, I think we... what? What?
- We've got to go. We've got to go.
We've got to go, got to go.
- Ready? Go! Let's go.
- Aah! Well, okay. Wait.
Don't walk until mommy comes home.
- Back... back up, back up.
- What? What? We got to go.
'Cause I didn't get to kiss him goodbye.
I love you. Mwah!
- I miss you already.
- Okay, bye, buddy.
- Mwah.
- Bye-bye. Okay.
Put some slippery socks on
him till Alex gets home.
And jacket and, uh...
Oh, and my file. There we go.
All right, let's go.
- Okay. Bye, baby.
- Good all right, let's go.
- Bye!
- Bye.
- Call me if anything happens.
- Okay.
[siren wailing]
Dead eye, please.
[keypad beeping]
- May I ask?
- Hmm?
What exactly is a dead eye?
Well, it's coffee
with three shots of espresso.
Seems a bit excessive.
Well, the first two are standard.
The third is to help me
- with the mountain of paperwork ahead of me.
- Ah.
Took me six months to
get my affairs in order
- when I first transferred here.
- Any advice?
Think of the salary
awaiting you in Cleveland.
- Did I hear someone say Cleveland?
- Alex.
You seem
in remarkably good spirits,
considering we're about to lose
Dr. Lin to the midwest.
I'm not losing you...
Because I am going
to visit you as much as I can.
- You are?
- Of course.
Look at everything your city has to offer.
You've got the rock and roll hall of fame,
the world's largest rubber stamp.
And if we feel like a road trip,
which I'm sure we will,
- a giant building shaped like a basket.
- Mm-hmm.
No, but seriously, you are embarking
on an exciting, new,
well-paid chapter of your life,
and I am gonna be there for you.
Thank you.
Everyone knows long distance doesn't work.
[cellphones vibrating]
- Who's this guy?
- Oh.
[breathes deeply] Dr. Bell?
- Yep.
- Great.
Dawn: Okay, Lucille Ball once said,
"if you want something done,
ask a busy person to do it."
Apparently, she was wrong.
The deadline for the
fellowship award application
is today at 5:00.
I don't care how busy you are. Get it in.
This is a career-defining award
with a substantial cash prize.
There. Now you all have one,
in case you have misplaced yours.
I will see you all at the
donor dinner this evening.
Now go. Heal.
And beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Socrates said that.
You're very inspirational today.
Daily quote calendar. It was a gift.
From someone who doesn't know you very well.
I was just wondering why you
paged me when I'm leaving.
I need you to give a guided
tour to the junior residents.
They keep getting lost on rounds.
I have so much to do
before I leave for Ohio.
Until then, you work for me.
I believe the children are our future.
That's quite a calendar.
Actually, that one was all Whitney.
Funny.
Thought your application
would be in already.
And I thought you were only
staying here for a year.
I am, but with something
like this up for grabs,
it would be ludicrous not to
throw my hat in the ring.
- Right.
- Do you want to throw your hat in early?
I have to give the junior residents a tour
- of the hospital, and I...
- Uh, sorry.
I think that was my phone.
- I didn't hear anything.
- I did.
You know, a year ago,
I would have had this application
filled out in a second.
Well, now you have other priorities.
Like Luke walking.
He's gonna walk today, Maggs. I can feel it.
And I have to get through
this day as soon as possible
so I don't miss it.
Do you need an extra set of hands? Or two?
Ha ha. Don't try to pawn
that fresh meat off on me.
It was worth a shot.
[man speaking indistinctly over P.A.]
Welcome to Hope Zion. I'm Dr. Lin.
I am a surgical fellow and
apparently your tour guide.
Hi. I'm Cassie.
Or Dr. Williams. [chuckles]
It's up to you.
Obviously.
Asha: And I'm Asha.
After the tour, will we be scrubbing in
to assist on any surgeries?
If you want surgical privileges,
you'll have to earn them.
Anything else?
No. No. I'm good.
Good.
Dr. Miller, how was your evening?
That accent...
you're sticking with that, huh?
I'm not really sure how to answer that.
Well, it doesn't really matter
because I've forgotten
what we were talking about.
We've got a possible O.D. on the way.
Ambulance is a couple minutes out.
Yay. Best part of my job...
saving patients who don't want to live.
Yeah, man. You need to lighten up.
Do I seem heavy to you?
[door opens] I guess it has been
a few days since I've had any fun.
This is the E.R.
Ask, and you shall receive.
Hi.
Come on.
Welcome.
[clears throat]
You sleeping with Lin or something?
Is everything about sex with you?
No.
Sometimes after sex, it's about food.
Female, mid-20s. She's bradycardic.
B.P. is 80 over 50. [radio chatter]
I still have to pack.
Hey. Hi. What's your name?
Ava.
I'm just gonna check your lungs now, Ava.
[moans]
She's flushed.
Could be an ibuprofen O.D.
Oh, yeah.
Aah!
[crying] Don't touch my face!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[siren wailing]
This is the O.R. reception,
named for obvious reasons.
[cellphone vibrates]
I have to take this. Wait here.
♪
Last stop on the tour... the lounge,
where you can all have a juice
box and use the bathroom.
So, um, I need to borrow a dummy.
They're on a hospital tour with Lin.
Sorry. what are you asking me?
I'm doing a talk
on the trauma caused by CPR,
so I need a-a visual aid.
Okay. check the lab and
take whatever you need.
Shahir: I need your help.
- I don't miss your job.
- Mm.
What do you need?
[cellphone vibrates] Okay.
I'm seeing this lovely gentleman.
He's tall. He's handsome.
He calls his mother once a week.
He volunteers at the humane society.
- He's perfect.
- But?
I had a cardiac event in bed.
- What do you mean?
- Sex, Dr. Bell.
- We were having sex.
- Yes. I got that part.
I can't take any chances
after my heart attack,
and-and-and you shouldn't, either.
You know, I'm your top neurosurgeon.
Okay, yes. Sure. I'm happy to help.
We will wire you to the holter monitor,
and we will go over the readout together
before the donor dinner.
You seem different.
Are you on medication?
♪
Charlie, you mind putting that
away just while I'm in here?
[sighs]
Yeah. Sorry.
[drawer closes]
Uh, I need you to, uh, walk me through
the night that Amy died.
I know this is hard for you,
but, uh, I kind of need to hear it from you
and not from a police report.
Yeah. Um...
Amy asked me to draw her a bath
before I went out for my run.
I came home an hour later.
I went to shower, and she was [stammers]
she was in the water.
I tried to pull her up,
but my hands kept slipping.
Yeah.
Um... the prosecutor said that the, uh...
the bruises on Amy
prove that you, uh,
held her down and drowned her.
I tried to grab any part of her I could
to get her out of the water.
Okay. What happened after you
got her out of the water?
I put her down onto the floor.
I started CPR.
Her body was still warm,
so I knew I had a chance.
And how long did you do CPR for?
Two, three minutes.
And then I stopped to call 911.
Um... but at that point, it was too late.
I put a towel over her body
before the medics showed up,
just, you know...
Uh, the, uh... the coroner
found a fracture
in the back of Amy's skull.
Yeah, from when I put
her down onto the floor.
Okay, well, how were you, uh...
how were you holding her when
you pulled her out of the tub?
I had my arms wrapped around her chest.
What, like, um...
Like that?
Yeah, just-just like that.
[thud]
You're sure about that?
Well, I wasn't thinking about
her head when I put her down.
I just wanted to start
CPR as fast as I could.
Can you tell me how long
you've had the pain?
Just what every patient likes to see...
their doctor in a rush.
You know what? You're right.
- [groans]
- Let's do this again.
Mr.-Mr. Lively. Hello.
I'm Dr. Reid.
Hi. Call me Ralph.
Okay, Ralph. What's up?
My cancer's back.
Well, three years ago,
you had curative surgery for colon cancer.
I can't go through this again.
Well, it might not be cancer.
I'll have to run some tests to be sure.
[groans]
Excuse me.
Can you take Mr. Lively up to imaging?
And this is emergent, so if you can
bump him to the front of the line,
- that would be great.
- You got it, Dr. Reid.
See? There are some perks
to having a doctor that's in a hurry.
[key clacks]
No! Is someone using the microwave?
What did I say
when we toured the lounge?
The fridge is not for urine samples?
- What else?
- The microwave messes with the wi-fi.
That's right, Dr. Sekara.
So no more microwaving until
I'm in Cleveland, okay?
Got your text. What's up?
We each have to take a rookie for the day.
- What?
- Dawn's orders.
Fine.
But I get the best one,
someone low-maintenance.
Good luck with that.
[sighs] Okay, pop quiz.
Hurry up. Let's go.
What is the primary indicator of
reoccurring colorectal cancer?
Uh, serial carcinoembryonic antigen
in, uh, asymptomatic patients.
Great, but I didn't say my
patient was asymptomatic.
Anybody else? Iron-deficiency anemia?
Not bad. What about you, Dr...?
Williams. Um, it depends
on the size and location
and if anastomosis is affected.
How would you like to assist
in an abdominal exploration?
Me? Oh, yes. Um, yeah.
But Dev's answer was also correct.
Not as correct. Let's go.
Hurry up.
[squeals softly]
Dr. Hamza. Uh, uh, I apologize.
No. It's okay.
I've been working out.
Are you all right?
It's too soon to tell.
What can I help you with, Dr. Curtis?
There's someone I'd like you to meet.
Okay.
Ava? This is Dr. Hamza.
If she overdosed,
she shouldn't be on morphine.
It's a light dosage on a slow drip.
I did a full liver and blood work-up.
There's no permanent damage.
I didn't mean to take so many pills.
Ava's been suffering from acute facial pain.
Anytime she or anyone
else touches her face...
The pain is unbearable.
How bad is it, on a scale of 1 to 10?
[breathes deeply]
A 17.
Your brain C.T. will tell us
everything we need to know
to diagnose the issue, whatever that may be.
I'm supposed to be
on a flight to Paris tomorrow.
Well, yeah, you might want to reschedule.
It may take us awhile to diagnose the issue.
Ava, the brain is a wonderful
and mysterious organ.
Sorry. I'm just frustrated.
I've been planning Paris for months.
What's the occasion?
It's my boyfriend, Xavier.
I'm moving out there to be with him.
You may want to reconsider.
If you think you're in pain now,
wait until the relationship ends.
[laughs nervously]
He's, uh, obviously joking.
Angelo Marro.
That's me.
I got a little banged up on the job.
Okay, let's take a look at what we got.
Whoa, whoa.
Just give me a cortisone shot,
and I'll be on my way.
Okay, well, I can't give
you a cortisone shot
until I take a look at what's going on.
I've never missed
a day of work in my life.
I'm not gonna start now.
Okay.
Where do you work?
You're looking at it.
Been a custodian in Hope Zion for 10 years.
Yeah, of course. Hey.
You don't need
to pretend you recognize me.
Look... you're one of our own,
so all the more reason
to be thorough, right?
All right.
Okay.
[gasps]
Whoa.
It looks way worse than it is.
Uh... okay.
Someone page Dr. Harris.
Will we be going in laparoscopically,
- or are we gonna open him up?
- I haven't decided yet.
Oh, and by the way, don't ever do that again.
- Do what?
- Try to give away a surgery.
I don't care if they're your friends.
Oh, Dev's not my friend, per se.
I mean, we share study notes and
occasionally a futon, but...
Dr. Williams, you're my
junior resident, not my buddy,
and if you make my workday any
longer than it needs to be,
you're gonna be sorry I picked you.
Got it?
[door opens]
So, there definitely is a
blockage in your belly.
We're just waiting for the lab
to give us a blood and liver work-up
to just help us narrow
down the possible causes.
Whatever you need to do to help me.
Do you want us to call your family?
No. I don't want to worry
them until we figure this out.
I'm sorry. Who are you?
This is Dr. Williams, my resident.
- She'll be assisting me.
Ralph: - Her?
No offense,
but you look like a girl guide.
- [sighs]
- She's a junior resident.
And this is a teaching hospital.
Okay, but no mistakes, no missteps.
Can only cheat death so many [groans]...
Ralph, what's going on?
- It hurts!
- When you're breathing in?
Pain in the right upper quadrant
increases when breathing.
[monitor beeping] Gallstones.
- Ohh!
- Okay, he's febrile, tachycardic.
Could be a gallbladder rupture.
I need 10cc of ketorolac.
I don't know where that is.
The nurse's station.
Hurry up.
Ralph, you're gonna be okay, all right?
- Okay.
- Just try to breathe.
[breathes deeply] You're gonna be okay.
- Sure.
- Mr. Marro.
It appears as though you
have mulched your elbow.
- As you can see, the joint is in pieces.
- Oh, no.
Looks like a map of the Philippines.
There's Manila down there.
I was "jeopardy!" champion
of my living room.
Um, can you move your fingers for me?
Peripheral nerve is good.
You are neurovascularly intact.
Great. Slap a cast on it
and send me on my way.
Uh, yeah, a cast won't work.
There's too many bone fragments.
We're talking about a
total elbow replacement.
An implant?
How long will I be off for?
Four to six weeks.
I can't be off work that long.
- File for disability.
- Yeah, right.
And navigate
that kafkaesque nightmare.
- Kafka?
- Yeah. I read.
Angelo, if you... if you carry
on with your current occupation,
a new elbow's not gonna last you two years.
And it's gonna be worse off than before.
We're talking about immobility,
scar tissue, nerve damage.
Cut to the chase.
You need to start thinking
about getting another job.
What are you... a surgeon
or a guidance counselor?
Come on, guys.
There's got to be another option.
Well, normally I would repair
it using plates and screws...
Fine. Do that.
If it doesn't work, we can
talk about me quitting my job.
Uh, actually, we need to
talk about that right now.
I need your permission for both options...
In case I open up your arm,
and depending on what I find...
All right.
Get me the consent form.
Bring it here, and I'll sign it.
Okay.
Guys's got no intention of quitting.
[cellphone vibrates]
Ah, well, he better hope I can fix it.
Yep?
What are you doing?
Oh, uh, just a little visualization.
Dr. Reid, thank you for the opportunity
to observe your cholecystectomy.
You're not observing.
You're assisting.
As long as you're in there,
you're gonna be working.
Oh, great. That's great.
Sink or swim, Dr. Williams.
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
Hey.
Um...
Just promise me you won't overreact
'cause this is
actually really good news.
- What is?
- The nanny called,
and Luke took his first steps.
Really?
Oh, my god.
Oh, wow. Look at him.
Oh, he's just so great.
I know.
[sighs] I can't believe I missed this.
I know. I'm sorry.
No, I... I'm s... I'm scrubbed.
Al.
It's fine.
[voice breaking] I have to work.
[sniffles]
- Dr. Reid, are you okay?
- Knife.
Have you been crying?
Dr. Williams, if you want
to remain in this O.R.,
You will limit
your conversations to the work.
Prepare to suction.
Yes. Of course.
[air hissing]
Is everything okay?
I'm trying to rebook my flight to Paris,
and the only seats left are
way out of my price range.
You don't think
this is all a sign, do you?
Like maybe I shouldn't be
uprooting my life like this?
Well, it's a risk, of course.
But a leap of faith for love...
What could be more exhilarating than that?
Trigeminal neuralgia.
- I'm sorry?
- It's what you have.
It's a chronic pain condition
that affects this nerve.
It's the nerve that carries sensation
from your face to your brain.
You may have a blood vessel
constricting that nerve.
- Can you fix it?
- Yes.
Through anticonvulsants and antispasmodics,
many patients feel some
relief within a few months.
I don't want some relief.
I want the pain gone.
I want Xavier to be able to
touch me without causing me pain.
Okay, well, there are surgical options.
Okay. Tell me more about those.
Microvascular decompression.
Right. 90% of patients feel
permanent and immediate relief.
- However...
- Okay.
There are risks.
The most common complications with MVD
are nerve damage...
Which can lead to hearing loss,
facial numbness, double vision...
paralysis.
Paralysis?
What w... what would you do?
I'd probably postpone the move
and try the drug therapy first.
Don't answer me as a doctor.
Answer me as the romantic you obviously are.
Dr. Hamza is the best
neurosurgeon in the country.
But, look,
this has to be your decision.
I'd like to have the surgery.
All right, then.
I'll book an O.R.
[indistinct conversations]
[whistles]
Dr. Miller!
Think I can I get some more
pain meds before my surgery?
I'm really starting to feel this thing.
I'm not a nurse, but I'll send one.
You're kind of a prick. You know that?
Joel always said you were
the fun guy around here.
- You knew Joel?
- Sure.
The custodians had a weekly
poker game in the basement.
Joel used to come by
whenever he had time to kill.
Joel was terrible at poker.
[chuckling]
Why do you think I kept inviting him?
[chuckles] He was a good guy, though.
Always trying to get me to drop
the mop and go back to school.
Oh, he was just trying to get rid of you
- so he could win his money back.
- Sure.
He even bet me 100 bucks once
I couldn't pass the lsats.
- How'd you do?
- 166.
He still owes me the $100.
Well, good luck getting that back.
Look...
If you're some kind of
genius lawyer in the making,
what are you doing pushing
a mop here at Hope-Zee?
Same thing you're doing... making a living.
Looks like my ride's here.
We'll see you 'round.
Take me through the next steps.
First we identify calot's triangle.
Then we ligate the cystic duct.
Sounds good.
Oh. You want me to do it?
Let's see what you can do.
[monitors beeping]
[breathes deeply]
Forceps and right angle.
Thank you.
Okay, he has a lot of adhesions
from his cancer surgeries,
so be sure of the anatomy before you cut.
Do you have a good visual?
Yes.
Okay. It's tied off.
Next I'll be tying off the cystic artery,
then mobilizing
the gallbladder off the bed.
We have a general surgeon in the making.
[chuckles]
[gasps] Oh, crap.
What's wrong?
[breathing heavily] Okay. Assess.
Cassie, did you cut the common bile duct?
Incise the visceral peritoneum
overlying of the gallbladder fundus.
Cassie, snap out of it.
You got to do something here.
Grasp the dome of the gallbladder with a
kelly clamp and elevate it superiorly.
Cassie, you got to back
away so I can get in there.
Cassie, move. Cassie, move.
- Out.
- Okay, 4-0 chromic suture.
Retract, please.
Damn it, I need another
set of hands in here!
I'll page another resident.
[monitor beeping rapidly]
No. Wait.
Let me throw in a couple of sutures,
and then, uh, give me a minute.
Nurse: He's stabilizing.
Give me a towel, please.
Unbelievable.
[sighs]
Cassie: [breathing heavily]
- Is he okay?
- He's stable.
Dr. Williams, what happened in there?
I thought I was
cutting through an adhesion,
and the bile duct was underneath.
So you fix it with a stitch.
- I know.
- Then why didn't you?
I-I just kept hearing his voice...
"no missteps, no mistakes"...
and I-I thought, "he beat cancer,
and I'm gonna kill him."
So you walk out on him instead?
I knew that you had it under control.
It was your mistake.
You needed to fix it.
I was right there
beside you the whole time.
I was supporting you.
No, that's not how it felt!
Look, I-I know that I shouldn't care
whether or not you have any
confidence in my abilities,
but I do
because I'm actually terrified.
Which is why you tried to
give the surgery to Dev.
Cassie, look at me.
Look at me.
Everybody's terrified the first time.
And that in there... a version
of it has happened to all of us.
But giving up on a patient,
giving up on a surgery...
It's inexcusable.
You need to suck it up.
Get your ass back in there
and finish what you started.
[beep]
Hey. How'd the elbow do?
Uh, no matter how many
plates or screws I put in,
the joint wouldn't hold.
- So you had to give him a new one.
- Yeah.
The best thing we can do for Angelo
is convince him
to find another line of work.
Unfortunately, I know guys like him.
They're very stubborn.
Well, we're gonna see him
in another couple years
when he blows the new elbow out then.
Yeah, and his arm's so messed up,
he can't even tie his own shoes.
Thanks.
Hell of a surgery, doc.
Um... you saw that?
Best show in town...
Until I figure
how to sneak into a leafs game.
Oh, don't do that.
That's... that's not worth it.
Beats rooting for the oilers.
I still can't get over '88.
Right. That's when they traded
"the great one," isn't it?
I was 7 years old.
Cried like a baby.
First time I realized how
unfair life could be,
that you could invest so
much time into something
and it could all disappear
because of someone else's mistake.
Yeah.
Well, I need to go see my patient, so...
See you in the morgue.
[monitor beeping] Scissors.
Your technique is exquisite.
Did Dr. Bell tell you
that I'm on the jury for
the fellowship award?
She may have mentioned it.
You don't have to suck up to me, Dr. Curtis.
Your record speaks for itself.
Hmm. The superior cerebellar artery
seems to be
the one causing all the fuss.
It's adhering
to the trigeminal nerve.
The compression must be causing her pain.
Okay, I'd like to prepare the sponge.
You were top of your class at Oxford.
You interned at King's College,
did your residency at St. George's,
and a fellowship year at Royal Berkshire.
You've committed my record to memory.
I'm flattered.
Don't be. I have an encyclopedic memory.
[chuckles]
But there's a 18-month gap, Dr. Curtis,
where you completely fell off the grid.
What happened?
Dr. Hamza, um...
this surgery is so complex.
I-I really feel like I need to focus
if I'm gonna absorb it all.
Fair point.
Okay, I'm gonna insert the sponge
in between the artery and the nerve.
Perfect fit.
Hmm.
Are you having
a nice little moment there?
Who knew having a bionic
elbow would be so itchy?
I see Dr. Harris
already told you the bad news.
Yeah.
Said it was like
a jigsaw puzzle in there,
couldn't be fixed.
You win some, you lose some.
You need to find another job, Angelo.
Otherwise, you risk losing
the use of that arm.
What do you care?
I saw the way you looked
at me when I came in here.
Now all of a sudden we're friends
because I played a couple hands
of poker with your buddy Joel?
You know, your whole hard-done-by,
working-class thing...
Sorry? "Thing"?
- It's a thing?
- Yeah, w...
What do you think,
that there's some inherent nobility
in being working class?
Marx said so.
There you go. I knew it.
You like trying to prove to me
how smart you are, don't you?
I got nothing to prove to anybody,
especially a...
A what? A what?
A rich prick in a lab coat?
My father worked
at Algoma Steel for 35 years
and died of lung cancer at 56,
so don't tell me about the working man.
Algoma?
You're from the soo.
I grew up there, yeah.
Me too.
Elliot Lake.
Mm.
I was the first one in my
family to go to university.
Same here.
My dad and my brother worked at the foundry.
I got a humanities degree.
A lot of good that did me.
What do you think is gonna
happen if you do something else,
something more than they did?
[sighs]
You tell me.
I'm telling you,
you have to do something more...
especially when it means
losing that arm if you don't.
[breathes deeply]
[monitors beeping]
Problem solved.
All right.
I want you to close.
Okay.
Needle driver.
Take a breath.
[breathes deeply]
Better.
You've got this.
How's our patient?
Still out from the anesthetic.
[breathes sharply]
Good. The rest will do her good.
I need help drafting
a response to this e-mail.
"Dear Shahir, I don't understand
what happened last night."
"Call me."
Okay. [clears throat]
So, what's a gentler way of saying,
"we won't be seeing each other anymore."
"I'm afraid for my life"? [chuckles]
Are you having me on?
No.
[telephone rings]
Mm-hmm?
Something is wrong with Ava.
♪
It started when she came out of sedation.
Dr. Hamza, I can't make it stop.
[monitor beeping rapidly]
Unh. My heart.
Y-you fixed it.
I-I just gave it something to do.
Ava, look at me.
Follow this light with your eyes, okay?
Ava, are you in any pain?
Um, barely.
Dr. Hamza, what's happening to me?
Pupil response is normal.
Do you have any vision problems, Ava?
Dizziness? Any changes to your coordination?
Um... [snaps fingers] Memory loss?
Fatigue?
No, nothing. Why?
The trigeminal neuralgia...
I think it was masking
an underlying condition,
and now other symptoms are surfacing.
W-what condition?
Multiple sclerosis.
We'll have to run some more tests.
Even then, diagnosing M.S. is difficult.
You see, it's a diagnosis of exclusion,
which means we have to rule
out everything else first.
But...
that's what you think I have?
Yes.
Cassie: I thought you should hear it from me
and know that I will be
informing the chief of surgery
of my mistake.
Am I gonna have any weird side effects?
You shouldn't.
Then why so glum?
I'm down a gallbladder,
and my bile duct... whatever that does...
has a couple stitches in it.
I'm alive. I'm still cancer-free.
It's a great day.
I'll check in on you again
before I leave for the day.
That's good patient care, Dr. Williams.
I take it you're feeling better?
Well, a little tender,
but compared to before, it's a breeze.
[laughs]
You know, they say gallstones
are the closest pain to childbirth.
I should get my wife some flowers.
[laughs]
So you have kids?
Three. All girls.
Loves of my life.
You seem less wired than before.
Um...
Mr. Lively, I owe you an apology.
I was hoping to get home before
my son took his first steps.
They happened without you?
Listen, when I was first
diagnosed with cancer,
I had to get used to the idea
that I was gonna miss everything...
birthdays, graduations, weddings...
Hopefully in that order.
Those milestones...
they're not the end of something.
They're just the beginning.
You'll see.
There are my girls.
Easy on the hugs.
He's still sore.
Hey, guys. Great to see you.
Did you forget something, Dr. Williams?
I, uh... I couldn't help but overhear...
about your son.
I'm sorry.
Cost of doing the job, I guess.
I'll get over it... I hope.
So, are you dragging yourself to this event?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I-I'll see you there.
- Sure.
- Dr. Reid?
Yeah?
For what it's worth,
you were there for my first steps...
So thank you.
♪
[cellphone vibrates]
Hello?
Yes. Nice to hear from you.
How is that... how is that possible?
Hey. Just handing in my application.
If I can't win mother of the year,
I might as well win fellow of the year.
Maggs? What's up?
There's no job for me in Cleveland.
Uh, the funding fell through.
[clears throat]
God, I'm-I'm sorry.
Hey, listen.
Let's get you an application.
There's no time to fill it out now.
Well, we can photocopy mine.
We can fill in a few things. It'll be great.
- I just...
- It's too late.
At least I get to stay here with you, right?
You should go.
♪
Dr. Hamza, you look so handsome.
Social worker stop by?
Yeah, I asked her for some reading material,
but these are actually
making me feel a lot worse.
Ava, M.S. is not a death sentence.
Many of those diagnosed
still continue their everyday activities.
Yeah, I know.
It says that right here,
along with, "2/3 of individuals with M.S."
"will not suffer paralysis
or a major disability."
Precisely.
You can still live your
life and go to Paris.
[scoffs]
I'm not going to Paris.
All these hopeful words...
"most patients," "2/3 of individuals."
I mean, I can't help but feel
that those are terrible
odds to build a future on.
Don't make any rash decisions, Ava.
This is all very new for you.
Have you ever been in love, Dr. Hamza?
Yes.
Once.
What happened?
We had three wonderful years,
and then it all fell apart.
Would you do it all over again...
Knowing it might end badly?
Yes.
Even for one good week.
Okay, if it's bad news,
I'd rather just hear it outright.
You're fine, Shahir.
Your heart rate was elevated
because you were under stress.
And even then,
your heart rhythm was normal.
Look.
- But last night in bed with Jonathan...
- Okay, what exactly was going on
when you had this cardiac event?
I suppose I could draw you a diagram.
No, I mean [chuckles]
was there anything other than sex going on?
He said, "I love you."
And what did you say?
I'm-I'm not feeling well.
Okay, sit.
Come. Sit.
Have you seen anyone since Victor?
No.
Maybe you are just a little out of practice.
You want my advice, as your cardiac surgeon?
Tell Jonathan how you feel.
You are a gorgeous woman, Dr. Bell.
[laughs]
And it's about time a man...
ideally a heterosexual man...
got to appreciate that.
Thanks, Shahir.
[knocking]
Wow.
You look, uh...
♪
Maggie. what are you doing?
I know I said
I would give you my support,
but I really don't want
to go to this dinner.
If I have to go, so do you.
Put it on.
Thank you all for coming.
- We are here tonight...
- Good to see you.
To celebrate the inauguration
of a very prestigious award,
an award that was made possible
by the generous donation
of Mrs. Iris Ackermann.
[applause]
Thanks to Mrs. Ackermann,
Hope Zion will be rewarding
its top surgical fellow
with the opportunity to
pursue cutting-edge research,
fully funded, for the next two years.
The surgeons who will be
competing for this award
are Jeffrey Richmond...
Lila Bradley...
Patrick Curtis...
Alex Reid...
- Charles Saipan...
- You two keep it clean out there.
I can't make any promises.
And finally, Maggie Lin.
[applause]
We owe Dawn 50 hours of free overtime.
[chuckles]
Congratulations,
and may the best surgeon win.
Cheers.
You never did answer that question
about that 18-month gap.
I'm not inebriated enough to tell that tale.
Shall we have a few more?
Well, I don't even drink.
Plus, I'm leaving soon anyway.
I have a date.
You move on quickly.
I called Jonathan to make amends.
He's a lucky man, Dr. Hamza.
[folly & the hunter's "breathe" plays]
♪ in an airless room ♪
♪ the menace looms ♪
Hey.
- ♪ and I'm out of breath ♪
- I didn't want to disturb you.
I just left you a little something there.
♪ too soon ♪
I can't accept this.
It's not a handout, Angelo.
I'm just clearing Joel's debt.
This is way more than 100 bucks.
I added the interest.
What?
I'm a rich prick in a lab coat, remember?
I can afford it.
- ♪ it's alive and well ♪
- Nah. You're not a prick.
You got a chip on your shoulder, though.
Listen, I don't care how you spend that.
You can blow it all on beer and
aTVs for all I care, but...
- ♪ the self-made hell... ♪
- You and Joel are square.
What about you and Joel?
♪ and I'm out of breath ♪
Hmm.
Get some rest, Angelo.
Hey. Poker game in the
basement next saturday.
♪ caught within it ♪
This is a start,
but if I'm thinking law school,
I'm gonna need some more of your money.
- ♪ fear is a prison ♪
- I said thinking about it.
Get some rest.
[door closes]
We've never competed for
anything before, not directly.
It's not gonna get weird, is it?
I don't know. Let's make a deal.
No matter how hard this year gets,
we won't let it stand in
the way of our friendship.
May the best surgeon win.
It's gonna be me.
- ♪ fear is a prison ♪
Cassie: - [laughs] I was so nervous.
Cassie.
I-I wasn't expecting you to be here.
I, uh [sighs]
I had this whole speech planned.
[crowd gasp]
You know, this doesn't
look anything like Amy.
You're a liar, Tom.
The average human skull
can withstand 2,100 pounds of compression.
And you want to tell me
that your wife's fracture
was caused by you placing her
on the floor too roughly?
Look, I already told you
what happened, okay?
I came home.
Amy was in the tub under the water.
- I tried to pull her out, and...
- Right.
Look, I was trying everything I could do,
but I couldn't keep her alive.
I was so, uh...
I shook her.
You shook her?
What? Like what?
Like... like this?
Like that?
- Please, Charlie, don't.
- Was it more than once?
- Don't do this.
- Was it more like this?
[thudding] And this? Or this?
This? This?!
Stop it! Stop it!
It wasn't like that!
I spent half of the
marriage on suicide watch.
I-I leave for an hour, and she's gone.
So you were angry.
I know how this makes me look, Charlie...
but I loved her.
I want to believe you, Tom.
So help me.
Sync and corrected by MystEre
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org